Fix invalid locale issue (#2548)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/great-toys-train.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': patch
---

> Ensures that pages not matching the default locale slug in projects without a root locale fallback to the default locale.

Author: Feels like this could maybe be simplified somehow, gives a bit of a headache to read 🤯

Reviewer: I tried!
```suggestion
Fixes a URL localization edge case. In projects without a root locale configured, slugs without a locale prefix did not fall back to the default locale as expected.
```
